docs(migration): state how to register components in `content` folder as global components (#2935)
nuxt/content: docs/content/docs/1.getting-started/4.migration.md

- We consolidated the `ProsePre`, `ProseCode`, and `ProseCodeInline` components
  - `ProseCodeInline` is now `ProseCode`
  - `ProseCode` is now `ProsePre`

> - Components created under the `components/content` directory are no longer automatically registered as global components. You need to register them manually in your Nuxt app. Check out the [Nuxt - Custom Components Directories](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/components#custom-directories) documentation for more information on how to do so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Components created under the `components/content` directory are no longer automatically registered as global components. If you use [dynamic rendering](https://vuejs.org/guide/essentials/component-basics.html#dynamic-components) to render these components outside markdown files, you must manually register them in your Nuxt app. Check out the [Nuxt - Custom Components Directories](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/directory-structure/components#custom-directories) documentation for more information on how to do so.
```
